REPORT
Directions of Improvement of the School Multimedia Center

This report was created at the request of the director of Highford Academy language school. It contains current opinion of the state of the school multimedia center and some ideas how to improve it.
In order to recognize views of the school’s multimedia center, There was carried out a survey among the present students of the school. The research sample consisted of 10% of them. The students were asked about their feelings about conditions of the room as well as furniture and the state of the electronic equipment. Their responses are as follows. 
Only 33% of respondents were happy with the room size. Most of them claimed that the room is definitely to small. Because of that It happens, very often,  that two persons must sit in front of one computer. Furthermore, tables are too big and chairs old and not comfy. By and large, shortly writing, the furniture in the room is very neglected.
Regarding to electronic and computer equipment, The dominant opinions weren’t very positive either. Most of asked students estimated this aspect even worse than previous one. According 85% of respondents said that computers are obsolete and their software hasn’t been updated for a long period of time. For this reason, Lessons cannot be conducted without distractions and much amount of time is dedicated for solving technical issues. What is more cd players are very old thus they break down all the time and are not able to read CDs saved in newest formats. Not to mention about the Internet connection which is very weak and unreliable what makes the access to online resources more difficult.
To sum up this report. Almost all aspects of the school’s multimedia room need improvements and redecoration.
But in the situations of the economic crisis and very limited financial means, the things which requires immediate are hardware and cd players because they have the biggest influence on the comfort of learning and effectiveness of teaching. Subsequently, the chairs and desks should be replaced into more comfortable ones.

Author
Rafał Wilk
